## Status Report for Wednesday, April 14th, 2021

### Section 1: Team Report

1. Last week's plan. No plan for this week since this is week 1.

2. This week, we set up the Git repository, wrote a draft of the requirements and policies for our team, 
       and decided which technologies we will use to build BeatParty.
  
3. By next week, we plan to complete a high-level design for our application. Additionally, we plan to ask for feedback on our Requirements and Policies document.  

  

### Section 2: Contributions of Individual Team members

#### Yasin:

1. Last week's plan. No plan for this week since this is week 1.

2. This week, I contributed to the requirements and policies and helped come up with a rough schedule to work off of. As a backend team, we also decided what to work on and divided up tasks for the coming week.

3. By next week, we decided I should draft a data structure/class that abstracts the songs and get more familiar with the Spring framework we'll be using. We also thought it would be a good idea for me to start drafting a high-level architecture of our system.  

---


#### Rohin:

1. Last week's plan. No plan for this week since this is week 1.

2. This week, I contributed to Requirements and Policies document and helped come up with the design for the backend.

3. By next week, I am in charge of familiarizing myself with the Spring framework and setting up the Blob Storage on Azure to host mp3 files for songs.

---


#### Ansh:

1. Last week's plan. No plan for this week since this is week 1.
2. This week, I contributed during our meetings with many areas of vulnerability with our project and constructing the overall outlook on the final product.
3. By next week, I plan to set up a working database for the metadata of songs, read up on the Spring framework to become more comfortable, understand how to connect the backend with the React Application, and understand how to deploy server code to the cloud for clients to interact with.

---

#### Vikram:
1. No goals for last week since it was week 1 of the project.
2. Participated in the weekly meetings held on Thursday, 8th April, 2021 and Sunday, 11th April, 2021. Worked on the rules and requirements document with other team members during the meeting. Got the GitHub repository setup and integrated the Travis CI workflow with the repository.
3. Tasks to be completed:
  - Gain familiarty with SpringBoot ThymeLeaf framework and React Javascript framework [Estimated completion date: 4/20/2021]
  - Complete a static render of application frontpage with Suyash [Estimated completion date: 4/20/2021]
  - Merge any pull requests to the repository and keep the repository up-to-date [Estimated completion date: 4/20/2021] 

---

#### Suyash:
1. Last week's plan. No plan for this week since this is week 1.
2. This week, I contributed to the Requirements and Policies document for our team and helped design the front-end and User Interface of our BeatParty application.
3. By next week, I plan to help implement our team's front-end design in ReactJS as well as understand how to connect the front-end of the BeatParty application with the application's back-end. My longer-term goal is to have the home page of our application be complete and functional in 2 weeks.
