## Status Report for Wednesday, April 21st, 2021

### Section 1: Team Report
Goal for last week: 1. Set up the Git repository
                    2. Wrote a draft of the requirements and policies for our team
                    3. Decided which technologies we will use to build BeatParty.

This week, we: 1. Incorporated feedback from course staff into our Requirements and Policies document 
                  so that it more accurately reflected the scope and functionality of BeatParty.
               2. Completed the high-level design of our application.
               3. Developed a layout in React for the UI of our application.
               4. Set up the SQL Azure database for storing data from our application.
               5. Created an abstraction to represent a song for the back-end of our application.

By next week, we plan to: 1. 
  
### Section 2: Contributions of Individual Team Members

#### Yasin:
1. Goals for previous week
  - Draft a data structure/class that abstracts the songs
  - Get more familiar with the Spring framework we'll be using
  - Start drafting a high-level architecture of our system

2. This week, I finished the Song class that will be abstracting each song in our web app. I also started reading up on Spring but I still need more work getting familiar with that framework. 

3. By next week, I should get work on connecting the frontend and backend (possibly using JSON) and work with the team on getting an architecture done.
  
#### Vikram:
1. Goals for the previous week 
  - Gain familiarity with SpringBoot ThymeLeaf framework and React Javascript framework [Estimated completion date: 4/20/2021]
  - Complete a static render of application frontpage with Suyash [Estimated completion date: 4/20/2021]
  - Merge any pull requests to the repository and keep the repository up-to-date [✔] 

2. Participated in the weekly meetings held on Thursday, 15th April, 2021. Completed the Git Setup assigment and finished writing the top level repository README.md file. Git Setup: Part 3 pending upon local test database setup by the back-end development team.

3. Tasks to be completed:
  - Merge any pull requests to the repository and keep the repository up-to-date [Estimated completion date: 4/27/2021] 

  ---
#### Suyash:

1. Goals for the previous week: I plan to help implement our team's front-end design in ReactJS as well as understand how to connect the front-end of the BeatParty application with the application's back-end. My longer-term goal is to have the home page of our application be complete and functional in 2 weeks.
2. This week, I set up the structure and layout of the front-end of our BeatParty application. I also helped make design decisions that influenced the functionality of our application. Approximately half of the layout of the front-end of BeatParty is complete.
3. Goals for next week: Complete working front-end of application. Stretch goal: Integrate front-end of application with back-end to create working full-stack application.
